Add option to configure auth path when connecting to external an vault (#30)
projectsyn/component-lieutenant: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

Address to the Vault instance.

== `operator.vault.auth_path`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `kubernetes`

> The mount path of the authenitcation method to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The mount path of the Vault authentication method to use.
```
